Run "Update AL-Go System Files" on multiple branches (#1037)
microsoft/AL-Go: RELEASENOTES.md

### New Repository Settings

> - [`workflowSchedule`](https://aka.ms/algosettings#updateALGoBranches) now can have a property `includeBranches` to specify which braches the workflow needs to run on when on schedule. Wildcards are supported.

Author: Typo

```suggestion
- [`workflowSchedule`](https://aka.ms/algosettings#updateALGoBranches) now can have a property `includeBranches` to specify which branches the workflow needs to run on when on schedule. Wildcards are supported.
```

> - [`workflowSchedule`](https://aka.ms/algosettings#updateALGoBranches) now can have a property `includeBranches` to specify which branches the workflow needs to run on when on schedule. Wildcards are supported.

Author: That will be merged from the description from your PR #1304

### Run "Update AL-Go System Files" on a schedule on multiple branches

> When run on a schedule, _Update AL-Go System Files_ only runs on the _main_ branch. By setting `includeBranches` in `workflowSchedule` setting, you can now run the workflow on a schedule on multiple branches. Read more at https://aka.ms/algosecrets#workflowSchedule.

Author: ```suggestion
When run on a schedule, _Update AL-Go System Files_ normally only runs on the _main_ branch. By setting `includeBranches` in `workflowSchedule` setting, you can now run the workflow on a schedule on multiple branches. Read more at https://aka.ms/algosettings#workflowSchedule.
```

> Dispatching the workflow manually still runs the workflow only on the branch it was dispatched on.

Author: The input takes priority when dispatching the workflow.

So, there's `includeBranches` input: used when running manually.
`workflowSchedule.includeBranches` setting: used when running on a schedule.

I had an iteration where the input was something like "run the same way as scheduled", but I quickly realized how it can be confusing. Especially when there's also `commitOptions` setting.

> Dispatching the workflow manually still runs the workflow only on the branch it was dispatched on.

Reviewer: My point is that you are writing that running the workflow manually will only affect the branch it is working on - that isn't true right? You can still specify includeBranches right?

  - patterns - AL-Go for GitHub will only trust packages, where the ID matches this pattern. Default is all packages (\*).
  - fingerprints - If specified, AL-Go for GitHub will only trust packages signed with a certificate with a fingerprint matching one of the fingerprints in this array.
  - authTokenSecret - If the NuGet feed specified by URL is private, the authTokenSecret must be the name of a secret containing the authentication token with permissions to search and read packages from the NuGet feed.

> - `updateALGoSystemFilesSettings` - settings to use when running "Update AL-Go System Files" on a schedule.

Author: Moved.

> [!NOTE]
> The projects mentioned here are AL-Go projects in a multi-project repository. A repository can contain multiple projects and a project can contain multiple apps.

### Run "Update AL-Go System Files" on a schedule on multiple branches

> When run on a schedule, _Update AL-Go System Files_ only runs on the _main_ branch. By setting `includeBranches` in `workflowSchedule` setting, you can now run the workflow on a schedule on multiple branches. Read more at https://aka.ms/algosettings#workflowSchedule.

Reviewer: Please start this by describing a new input parameter to Update AL-Go System Files called includeBranches and what it does - and then add that it can be set on workflowSchedule

Author: Changed the release notes. Please review again.
